now the Lord spoke to Moses in the
now the Lord spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai in the first month
wilderness of Sinai in the first month
wilderness of Sinai in the first month of the second year after they had come
of the second year after they had come
of the second year after they had come out of the land of Egypt saying let the
out of the land of Egypt saying let the
out of the land of Egypt saying let the children of Israel keep the Passover at
children of Israel keep the Passover at
children of Israel keep the Passover at its appointed time on the fourteenth day
its appointed time on the fourteenth day
its appointed time on the fourteenth day of this month at twilight you shall keep
of this month at twilight you shall keep
of this month at twilight you shall keep it at its appointed time according to
it at its appointed time according to
it at its appointed time according to all its rites and ceremonies you shall
all its rites and ceremonies you shall
all its rites and ceremonies you shall keep it so Moses told the children of
keep it so Moses told the children of
keep it so Moses told the children of Israel that they should keep the
Israel that they should keep the
Israel that they should keep the Passover and they kept the Passover on
Passover and they kept the Passover on
Passover and they kept the Passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at
the fourteenth day of the first month at
the fourteenth day of the first month at twilight in the wilderness of Sinai
twilight in the wilderness of Sinai
twilight in the wilderness of Sinai according to all that the LORD commanded
according to all that the LORD commanded
according to all that the LORD commanded Moses so the children of Israel did
Moses so the children of Israel did
Moses so the children of Israel did now there were certain men who were
now there were certain men who were
now there were certain men who were defiled by a human corpse so that they
defiled by a human corpse so that they
defiled by a human corpse so that they could not keep the Passover on that day
could not keep the Passover on that day
could not keep the Passover on that day and they came before Moses and Aaron
and they came before Moses and Aaron
and they came before Moses and Aaron that day we became defiled by a human
that day we became defiled by a human
that day we became defiled by a human corpse why are we kept from presenting
corpse why are we kept from presenting
corpse why are we kept from presenting the offering of the Lord as appointed
the offering of the Lord as appointed
the offering of the Lord as appointed time among the children of Israel stand
time among the children of Israel stand
time among the children of Israel stand still that I may hear what the Lord will
still that I may hear what the Lord will
still that I may hear what the Lord will command concerning you then the Lord
command concerning you then the Lord
command concerning you then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of
spoke to Moses speak to the children of
spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel saying if any one of you or your
Israel saying if any one of you or your
Israel saying if any one of you or your posterity is unclean because of a corpse
posterity is unclean because of a corpse
posterity is unclean because of a corpse or is far away on a journey he may still
or is far away on a journey he may still
or is far away on a journey he may still keep the Lord's Passover on the
keep the Lord's Passover on the
keep the Lord's Passover on the fourteenth day of the second month at
fourteenth day of the second month at
fourteenth day of the second month at Twilight they may keep it they shall eat
Twilight they may keep it they shall eat
Twilight they may keep it they shall eat it with unleavened bread and bitter
it with unleavened bread and bitter
it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs they shall leave none of it until
herbs they shall leave none of it until
herbs they shall leave none of it until morning nor break one of its bones
morning nor break one of its bones
morning nor break one of its bones according to all the ordinances of the
according to all the ordinances of the
according to all the ordinances of the Passover they shall keep it but the man
Passover they shall keep it but the man
Passover they shall keep it but the man who is clean and is not on a journey and
who is clean and is not on a journey and
who is clean and is not on a journey and ceases to keep the Passover that same
ceases to keep the Passover that same
ceases to keep the Passover that same person shall be cut off from among his
person shall be cut off from among his
person shall be cut off from among his people because he did not bring the
people because he did not bring the
people because he did not bring the offering of the Lord at its appointed
offering of the Lord at its appointed
offering of the Lord at its appointed time that man shall bear his sin and if
time that man shall bear his sin and if
time that man shall bear his sin and if a stranger dwells among you and would
a stranger dwells among you and would
a stranger dwells among you and would keep the Lord's Passover he must do so
keep the Lord's Passover he must do so
keep the Lord's Passover he must do so according to the Rite of the Passover
according to the Rite of the Passover
according to the Rite of the Passover and according to its ceremony you shall
and according to its ceremony you shall
and according to its ceremony you shall have one ordinance both for the stranger
have one ordinance both for the stranger
have one ordinance both for the stranger and the native of the land now on the
and the native of the land now on the
and the native of the land now on the day that the tabernacle was raised up
day that the tabernacle was raised up
day that the tabernacle was raised up the cloud
the cloud
the cloud the tenable participant ill morning it
the tenable participant ill morning it
the tenable participant ill morning it was above the Tabernacle like the
was above the Tabernacle like the
was above the Tabernacle like the appearance of fire so it was always a
appearance of fire so it was always a
appearance of fire so it was always a cloud coveted by day and the appearance
cloud coveted by day and the appearance
cloud coveted by day and the appearance of fire by night whenever the cloud was
of fire by night whenever the cloud was
of fire by night whenever the cloud was taken out from above the tabernacle
taken out from above the tabernacle
taken out from above the tabernacle after that the children of Israel would
after that the children of Israel would
after that the children of Israel would journey and in the place where the cloud
journey and in the place where the cloud
journey and in the place where the cloud settled there the children of Israel
settled there the children of Israel
settled there the children of Israel would pitch their tents at the command
would pitch their tents at the command
would pitch their tents at the command of the Lord the children of Israel would
of the Lord the children of Israel would
of the Lord the children of Israel would gen and at the command of the Lord they
gen and at the command of the Lord they
gen and at the command of the Lord they would camp as long as the clouds stayed
would camp as long as the clouds stayed
would camp as long as the clouds stayed above the tabernacle they remained
above the tabernacle they remained
above the tabernacle they remained encamped even when the cloud continued
encamped even when the cloud continued
encamped even when the cloud continued long many days above the tabernacle the
long many days above the tabernacle the
long many days above the tabernacle the children of Israel kept the charge of
children of Israel kept the charge of
children of Israel kept the charge of the Lord and did not journey so it was
the Lord and did not journey so it was
the Lord and did not journey so it was when the cloud was above the tabernacle
when the cloud was above the tabernacle
when the cloud was above the tabernacle a few days according to the command of
a few days according to the command of
a few days according to the command of the Lord they would remain encamped and
the Lord they would remain encamped and
the Lord they would remain encamped and according to the command of the Lord
according to the command of the Lord
according to the command of the Lord they would journey
they would journey
they would journey so it was when the cloud remained only
so it was when the cloud remained only
so it was when the cloud remained only from evening until morning when the
from evening until morning when the
from evening until morning when the cloud was taken up in the morning then
cloud was taken up in the morning then
cloud was taken up in the morning then they would journey rather by day or by
they would journey rather by day or by
they would journey rather by day or by night whenever the cloud was taken up
night whenever the cloud was taken up
night whenever the cloud was taken up they would journey whether it was two
they would journey whether it was two
they would journey whether it was two days a month or a year that the cloud
days a month or a year that the cloud
days a month or a year that the cloud remained above the tabernacle the
remained above the tabernacle the
remained above the tabernacle the children of Israel would remain encamped
children of Israel would remain encamped
children of Israel would remain encamped and not journey but when it was taken up
and not journey but when it was taken up
and not journey but when it was taken up they would journey at the command of the
they would journey at the command of the
they would journey at the command of the Lord they remained encamped and at the
Lord they remained encamped and at the
Lord they remained encamped and at the command of the Lord they Gen they kept
command of the Lord they Gen they kept
command of the Lord they Gen they kept the charge of the Lord at the command of
the charge of the Lord at the command of
the charge of the Lord at the command of the Lord by the hand of Moses